## **Oct 16 Agenda - General Meeting**

|  |  |
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/MwDodo9ghsM |
| Attending  | Carolyn Van Slyck, Glyn Normington, Urvashi Reddy, Radu M, Chris Chrone, Silvin Lubecki, Simon Davies, Jacob, Karen Chu, Jeremy Rickard, Matt Butcher |
| Note Taker | Urvashi Reddy |

**Agenda**
* New people?
* Demos:
    * porter archive/publish
    * porter remote claim store:
        * go-plugins (https://github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin) for the ecosystem?
    * security
      * Trishank: [working](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/281) on massively simplifying [301](https://github.com/trishankatdatadog/cnab-spec/blob/trishankatdatadog/add-metadata-repositories/301-metadata-repositories.md)
      * Radu: simplifying the [verification workflow](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/blob/db45599eb6a1d53833566e6af7a44845e2d4e9b7/303-verification-workflows.md)
      * [`signy`](https://github.com/engineerd/signy) now signing and verifying thick bundles
      * discussion on air-gapped environments
      * follow-up meeting to sync with the OCI Artifacts security discussion

    * distribution
        * `cnab-to-oci` [WIP to push images from local daemon](https://github.com/docker/cnab-to-oci/pull/76)
        * follow-up meeting to sync on OCI spec

    * when can we move to `github.com/cnabio`?

***Notes***

* Porter Demo by Jeremy and Carolyn
    * storing claims in Azure Storage Account allows multiple porter users (who have access to the account) to share installation information
        * Glyn: We're looking at usking the kubernetes driver. We'd like to store the claim information on the cluster.
        * Carolyn: Right now the credentials to the storage account are picked up via an environment variable. Porter does have a configuration file it looks at first.
        * Jeremy: For kubernetes, the claim storage plugin could use KUBECONFIG
        * Glyn: What about concurrency? What ACID guarantees can we make for storage?
        * Carolyn: We chose Azure Storage because it can support atomic writes. It's important to pick a storage provider that can do that. Any storage that supports atomic locks should work
        * Carolyn: We should have something in the spec that updates a claim to say that an action is in progres
   * Carolyn: we should consider incorporating the plugin model for the drivers in cnab-go
        * plugins are external binaries and can either be called externally and or shipped with the binaries
    * porter publish (publishing thick bundles)
* Security update by Radu
    * We're going to significantly simplify the security workflow.
    * Limiting the scope by reducing the keys
    * Should we have the same verification workflow for thick and thin bundles?
        * Different digests are produced for a thin vs a thick bundle. It doesn't seem to make sense to digest the thin bundle.
    * Glyn: what about the usecase where someone pushes a thin bundle to a registery and exports it to another data center? Will the signature be preserved?
        * Radu: the signature of the thin bundle will be preserved
    * Radu: Would it be useful to keep track of the digest of the thin bundle when a thick bundle is being pushed (since the thin bundle is within the thick bundle)?
        * doing it the other way around would be a costly operation
        * Ralph: It would be useful but it's a pretty niche usecase.
    * Radu: Should we assume that the tuff server (used for content digest verification) is accessbile in an air-gapped environment?
        * Ralph: There’s different levels of air-gapped or DMZ scenarios to think about
        * Radu: we’d want to allow people to do verification in disconnected environments
        * Ralph: typically when we think about verification, we think of things that need to be connected
        * Radu: For this meeting, my goal is to lay out these use cases
        * Ralph: For the next security meeting can we talk about the credentials being passed around
        * Radu: We should also schedule a meeting with Steve and Justin to sync up on their work on security in OCI and compare notes

* Update on cnab-to-oci from Silvin
    * just added a draft PR support push local images to registries, please comment
    * one limitation is that the docker daemon is only able to push based on tags
    * Radu: we should sync up on incrementing the oci spec with Chris, Silvin, and anyone wants to join

* Moving to cnabio Github Organization
    * Jeremy: Working to setup a bot and then we can move over the repos
